Test plan for python configuration.

Preparation:
You will need a regular sensact and a modified sensact (or similar)
A non-Leonardo device that will create a serial port (e.g. an arduino)

Modify the arduino code so that:
	1. It produces an invalid response to a version request the first time and a valid response (V4.0Z) the second time.
	2. A Get Triggers ('U') request produces an invalid response.

In what follows 
  'R' means 'use regular sensact 
  'M' means use the modified one
  'N' means the non-leonardo device

You should never get an exception on the console nor any message about "thread is not in main loop"

1. Run config with no sensact plugged in. (skip on PI)
	- should get "No ports found ..."
  Select "No"
	- program should exit cleanly

2. Run config with N
	- should get "Select Port" dialog
   Cancel
	- program should exit

3. Run config with N
  When "Select Port" appears select N
  	- Should get "This does not appear to be ..."
  Select "No" for retry
	- program should exit

4. Run config with no sensact plugged in.
	- should get "No ports found ..."
  Connect M and select "Retry"  (Start here on PI)
   	- should get "Unknown data" - on console
  	- should get "This does not appear to be ..." dialog
  Select "yes" to retry and then select M
	- should connect successfully.
	- status bar should show connection was made

5. Click on "Get Triggers"
	- should get "Unknown data" - on console

6. Disconnect M
  On windows, in addition click on "Get Triggers"
	- should get "The connection ... has been lost"
  Select "Yes" to retry and connect R
  Follow the prompts.  
  Reconnection should be straight forward

7. Try Get Triggers, Set Triggers, Run, Display & Idle
	- Get Triggers should update status bar with a
	  success message.

8. Create the one btn mouse and set triggers.  Should work.

9. Disconnect R (and on Windows click Get Triggers)
  In response to the connection lost message select "No"
  Process should exit.


Notes on the PI:
  . There appears to always be one serial port (ttyAMA0) so you
    cannot force the "No ports found ..." message.
  . Attempting to connect to ttyAMA0 results in
    "The connection ... has been lost"
	